Issue 509 & 313 (#533)
nf-core/sarek: CHANGELOG.md

- [#507](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/507) - Subway map for building indexes
- [#512](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/512) - Subway map for pipeline
- [#522](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/522) - Add QC for vcf files & MultiQC

> - [#533](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/533) - Add param `--skip_germline_for_somatic` to allow skipping of germline variantcalling for paired samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#533](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/533) - Add param `--only_paired_variant_calling` to allow skipping of germline variantcalling for paired samples
```
